todos.md, before:

## Todos

- Removed `getAvailableContainerSpace` from main class. Is in dom-utils now.
- Removed `getFProp` from main class. Is in dom-utils now.
- Add a method to draw connected paths (different types of path segments: linear, curve, arc, ...). Useful for the circle intersections demo.
- Use a sorted map in the line-point-distance demo.
- The experimental WebGL support requires Color objects instead of color strings. Otherwise each color string will be parse on each roundtrip which is a nightmare for the performance.
- The Color.parse(string) function does only recognize HEX, RGB and RGBA strings. HSL is still missing. Required?
- Replace all color params: replace type string by color. (tinycolor?)
- Measure the canvas' border when applying fitToParent! Currently a 1px border is expected.
- Implement snap-to-grid.
- Add image flipping.
- Add image/svg support (adding SVG images).
- Add a demo that draws a proper mathematical xy-grid.
- Extend the leaf venation generator demo.
- Add a retina detection
- Change the behavior of Vector.intersection(...). The intersection should be on both vectors, not only on their line intersection!
- Rename drawutils class to Drawutils or DrawUtils. Repective name DrawUtilsGL.
- Use the new Bounds class in the RectSelector helper (use min:Vertex and max:Vertex).
- Build a feature for line-styles; each 'color' param could also be gradient or a pattern (stroked, dotted, dashed, ... ).
  See ctx.setLineDash(...).
- Add an internal mapping to remember vertices and their installed listeners (for removing them later).
- Destroy installed vertex listeners from vertices after removing them (like the Bézier auto-adjuster).
- Port all demos from vanilla JS to TypeScript.
- Add a TouchHandler (such as the MouseHandler) to wrap AlloyFinger? Add this to the main demo to keep track of touch positions?
- Add a removeVertices() function (and use it in the threejs demo).
- Replace drawables-to-svg.js by the new svg-draw library.
- Remove all 'info' blocks and replace by uistats.
- For convenience add an "Info" button to the UI of all demos with a short explanation about what's happening here.
- Remove all <div id="dialog-wrapper" ...> from the demos. They are deprecated. Where needed use the 'modal.js' instead.
- Add config params to the `saveFile` hook (png or svg plus options, like compression or line 'lineJoin').
- Add the new text params to the `label` function, too (except size? style? weight?).
- Make Images rotatetable.
- Add `BezierResizeHelper` (from ndgd project).
- Validate if the `./demos/detectDarkMode.js` or the `./demos/darkModeHandler.js` is better.

### Todos for future Version 2

- Change the order of the DrawLib.ellipse params: color, lineWidth, rotation (rotation first).
- Remove class member `PlotBoilerplate.ctx` (SVG renderes don't have such a context).
- Change the Vector.inverse() function to reverse (or something). Currently this is not what the inverse of a vector should be.
- Change the bezier point path order from [start,end,startContro,endControl] to [start,startControl,endControl,end].
- Change BezierPath.getPointAt to .getVertexAt (or .getVertAt or vertAt?).
- Change BezierPath.scale( center, factor ) to BezierPath.scale( factor, center ) and make center optional (like in Polygon).
- Rename BezierPath.adjustCircular to .isCircular, because cirularity does not only affect vertex adjustment.
- The inverse-functions are called Vertex.inv() but Vector.inverse(). Harmonize this.
- CubicBezierCurve.getTangentAt(number) and .getTangent(number) return Vertex, why not a Vector?
- Add a pointDeleted event handler to PB? Would be helpful to delete objects outside the PB when their associated points are deleted by the user.
- Tweak the SVGBuilder: make the style classes configurable (colors, line thickness, custom classes, ...).
- Change `Bounds.computeFromVertices` to `Bounds.fromVertices`.
- Change draw.image(image, position:Vertex, size:Vertex) to Bounds or XYDimension.
- Change draw.text(text, x:number, y:number, ...) to (..., position:XYCoords, ...). Same with draw.label(...).
- draw.label() requires color param.
- Render dashed lines around images that cannot be rendered (e.g. file not found).
- Each render method should also get the ID of the rendered element; this is required to keep track of changes in SVG documents.
- Remove the toSVGString methods from all Drawables and the SVGSerializable interface. The drawutilssvg does everything with SVGs now.

Commit message:

Adding a new demo for drawing textures with polygon clipping.

todos.md, after:

## Todos

- Removed `getAvailableContainerSpace` from main class. Is in dom-utils now.
- Removed `getFProp` from main class. Is in dom-utils now.
- Add a method to draw connected paths (different types of path segments: linear, curve, arc, ...). Useful for the circle intersections demo.
- Use a sorted map in the line-point-distance demo.
- The experimental WebGL support requires Color objects instead of color strings. Otherwise each color string will be parse on each roundtrip which is a nightmare for the performance.
- The Color.parse(string) function does only recognize HEX, RGB and RGBA strings. HSL is still missing. Required?
- Replace all color params: replace type string by color. (tinycolor?)
- Measure the canvas' border when applying fitToParent! Currently a 1px border is expected.
- Implement snap-to-grid.
- Add image flipping.
- Add image/svg support (adding SVG images).
- Add a demo that draws a proper mathematical xy-grid.
- Extend the leaf venation generator demo.
- Add a retina detection
- Change the behavior of Vector.intersection(...). The intersection should be on both vectors, not only on their line intersection!
- Rename drawutils class to Drawutils or DrawUtils. Repective name DrawUtilsGL.
- Use the new Bounds class in the RectSelector helper (use min:Vertex and max:Vertex).
- Build a feature for line-styles; each 'color' param could also be gradient or a pattern (stroked, dotted, dashed, ... ).
  See ctx.setLineDash(...).
- Add an internal mapping to remember vertices and their installed listeners (for removing them later).
- Destroy installed vertex listeners from vertices after removing them (like the Bézier auto-adjuster).
- Port all demos from vanilla JS to TypeScript.
- Add a TouchHandler (such as the MouseHandler) to wrap AlloyFinger? Add this to the main demo to keep track of touch positions?
- Add a removeVertices() function (and use it in the threejs demo).
- Replace drawables-to-svg.js by the new svg-draw library.
- Remove all 'info' blocks and replace by uistats.
- For convenience add an "Info" button to the UI of all demos with a short explanation about what's happening here.
- Remove all <div id="dialog-wrapper" ...> from the demos. They are deprecated. Where needed use the 'modal.js' instead.
- Add config params to the `saveFile` hook (png or svg plus options, like compression or line 'lineJoin').
- Add the new text params to the `label` function, too (except size? style? weight?).
- Make Images rotatetable.
- Add `BezierResizeHelper` (from ndgd project).
- Validate if the `./demos/detectDarkMode.js` or the `./demos/darkModeHandler.js` is better.
- Draw a helper function to draw scaled and shifted textures with a clip polygon (think of the Girih demo).

### Todos for future Version 2

- Change the order of the DrawLib.ellipse params: color, lineWidth, rotation (rotation first).
- Remove class member `PlotBoilerplate.ctx` (SVG renderes don't have such a context).
- Change the Vector.inverse() function to reverse (or something). Currently this is not what the inverse of a vector should be.
- Change the bezier point path order from [start,end,startContro,endControl] to [start,startControl,endControl,end].
- Change BezierPath.getPointAt to .getVertexAt (or .getVertAt or vertAt?).
- Change BezierPath.scale( center, factor ) to BezierPath.scale( factor, center ) and make center optional (like in Polygon).
- Rename BezierPath.adjustCircular to .isCircular, because cirularity does not only affect vertex adjustment.
- The inverse-functions are called Vertex.inv() but Vector.inverse(). Harmonize this.
- CubicBezierCurve.getTangentAt(number) and .getTangent(number) return Vertex, why not a Vector?
- Add a pointDeleted event handler to PB? Would be helpful to delete objects outside the PB when their associated points are deleted by the user.
- Tweak the SVGBuilder: make the style classes configurable (colors, line thickness, custom classes, ...).
- Change `Bounds.computeFromVertices` to `Bounds.fromVertices`.
- Change draw.image(image, position:Vertex, size:Vertex) to Bounds or XYDimension.
- Change draw.text(text, x:number, y:number, ...) to (..., position:XYCoords, ...). Same with draw.label(...).
- draw.label() requires color param.
- Render dashed lines around images that cannot be rendered (e.g. file not found).
- Each render method should also get the ID of the rendered element; this is required to keep track of changes in SVG documents.
- Remove the toSVGString methods from all Drawables and the SVGSerializable interface. The drawutilssvg does everything with SVGs now.
